I personally thought that maybe it was part of his trail from this, but it was a bluff.
I didn't know.
I couldn't consider him doing what he finally did.
Namely, Phil, he is close to our juice.
About time that I say, Frank Kyle has never brought into it.
No indication of Frank Kyle, and anything else offered.
I believe you say you were not bothered to it.
I was not.
There's a lot of one that I guess you, she counseled me, so.
No, Frank, he made it. He made it very clear that he knew that I had repeatedly told him in the secretary
that they should lean over backwards to make sure that the element of the press, which was
that the role of criticizing any exposure of dominance, shouldn't criticize them or couldn't
criticize them.
By all that, I said, you don't have any sociality?
I have, sir.
Just like I did it by letter on, also, it was a matter of one year.
It's over 20 seconds.
That's right.
Then, as you have other contact with the secretary, I miss that.
I'm going to step the foot to that meeting, and January 22nd is your apartment.
I called with the items on the second subway after the steps amendment coming up that got
me an honorable disside, and talking about for this.
And could I give you, again, I apologize for giving answers a bit long when I'm afraid I've
got to some of these cases.
The reason for that was as far.
Number one, Mr. Cohn had notified Mr. Adams in 1953 about the President of the United
States.
That they had a Fifth Amendment Communist Major, that he was a dentist, being a dentist.
He would have access to any communist he wanted to use out of the state's point.
Mr. Cohn told me he did point it out to Mr. Adams.
Gendelts had been used in the past.
That's ridiculous.
Because they privateer general can go to a dental office and no fuss and laugh.
It's a guess that he'd be gotten out of there.
That has been in 1953, then again in 1954, I think the date is January 4th.
Mr. Cohn again called Mr. Adams.
And as they do something, nothing was done finally on the 26th of January with the Senate
for that.
I think we wrote it into a period.
He appeared on the 30th.
He was left.
And we didn't pull these questions over half to understand we knew that he had been engaged
in these activities.
He was left for the supply to his discharge center.
He was fired with discharge.
In that, for example, whether he attended a communist leadership school, one of the
names of that school, I didn't remember.
It's only the name of the school, doesn't it?
The younger victory school, a communist leadership school, we first knew he had the candidate.
Right where the party was honored as a five-way-know.
He was new to answer on the ground as he entered my temper and came to me.
He was left.
Whether he was holding a coming of meetings in his home, down at Camp Silver, again the
usual refuse to refuse to answer.
He was then weighing the major uniform.
That is correct.
I'm not sure if he was uniform on my table, but he was a major then.
As for whether or not he was engaged in a FB rise, he took the first match in the U.S.
I think he took the first one, and conserved it, it admit it, but maybe not an
FB rise.
Six of his amendments to other humanist bankers, two soldiers into the coming of party.
Six of his amendments that were coming with had gotten a chance in his order.
He had been ordered to go to Yokohama.
His order suddenly changed and we asked him a communist.
In the North, I had intervened in flying.
The refuse to answer that, we asked him a friend of mine to come and meet him.
He was sent with us.
The change of order was very unusual.
All the centers sitting at the table know that we get letters every day from real hardship
cases.
The cases were families, our six.
Someone about to die, and we very seldom was to change the order.
In this case, he got a change of order.
The only reason he could give, Mr. Duncan, was that his wife and daughter had been visiting
a psychiatrist.
We asked him to give us a mammoth of psychiatrist he couldn't remember.
Well, the matter occurred and we also found that he had refused to answer almost the same
queries, not the must-be tale, from the Army in August of 1953.
Go across the place of the questionnaire, reduce the number of things like that.
We're not covered.
There was that size, that is it.
That is his first male file, but we have a smear in it.
Give him 10 a god.
I better have gotten some of the planning on yet.
Now, maybe you call Mr. Adams on February 2nd, about your day.
Yes, for one or less, I deserve Mr. Duncan.
I wrote to the secretary of the Army and call him the attention to the testimony on the
coming of.
You know the way to that letter.
The way to that was, I think it was a major 30th, it was a major public on the first
February of that recall.
And that was before the last 16th, right?
Do you have a copy of that letter?
I can get a copy of that.
Yes, we have a copy right here.
I ask you, Secretary, to read that to us.
The copy of that letter into the record.
Give him your day, please.
No, that's not good.
No, that's not good, that's not good.
Okay, I'll put that left.
So that remind me, Mr. Duncan, that we long as all inside the doctor's side of the
breath case.
And we don't go into it.
We need to need that we are not the broad and the record now, endure the ruling that
the day that's been played so long ago.
Just to work long ago, I'm sure you will recall we agreed to hold a testimony to the issues
of this kind of a phase.
And further long ago, we went far beyond and left the issues of this kind of a phase and
we haven't.
And I do not say this critically and I do not say a few words with Mr. Wells.
I do not assume responsible of the fire that many of you issues have been brought into
this fund of this, perhaps, from the spam property so.
It is certainly from the spam point of the spam point of the failure effect on the public.
I do not propose to go into details, Mr. Wells, to the cost of news that perhaps.
And I think the introduction of this letter and through this perhaps.
The introduction of this letter might be a bit just to the committee of studying the
Sunlight on the attitudes of the secretary or those under the command that we would like to
discuss one case, I think, for that, just to chairman that it might shift sunlight or
the committee might move the wheel.
And I wonder how to turn it to the reading to the referee out there that letter.
And then further out, they see you in the units of Wells that I propose to face to that.
Well, I think one more word if you know it.
You will remember Mr. Jenkins when the 25 names were submitted to you.
There was a recital in the letter of the way the evidence then served and I have not
known if anything in your room is worth to the opposed.
Mr. Chairman, I don't know if the writers who have been watching them at Mr. Wells'
just to question or request, from the moment you will solve that question.
The fact is that you did write a letter, I'm not going to ask you to read it as a record of the
biggest, biggest phrase of January.
This was what I did there for a time.
I did this one, but then I took the right to the right.
The bargum comes down.
You know what I'm talking about?
My next contact was with Adam's words.
My athletic contact was the result of this letter and the public connection.
The letter is very, very first, for a boy first.
The unilaterated arrest is discharged in the late time.
The morning of February is mine.
Now, if you have a conversation with Adam, the morning of February second, in the afternoon
for the letter to which you get the first, I had a conversation with him on the evening of February.
Saturday, I will ask you to relate to the committee's acceptance of the context of that conversation.
I call this letter, whether or not that involves the press case.
It's so out.
The words I assume that I would tell you that was just in my opinion, it's just new life on these thank you sir.
And anything that was said by Mr. Adam with respect to the law of the board are similar to the years.
So just relating to this in grace and as it has, I may say that it has this relation of injuries.
At that time, I told Mr. Adam that we would get the means of all those responsible for the harboring of the brothers and nothing's there.
He knew anyone else on earth could stop us.
And that we had a rather heated argument on that.
I think that has something to do with this investigation, if I may, again, the underpriced, and I call him.
I thought that what they had done was completely improper.
So if they all knew that I had asked for a court march for this major, the court march for everyone who had anything to do with his promotion, his change of order is knowing that he was a communist.
And that what they did the next morning was not a large.
They tried to put him beyond the jurisdiction of the Army.
I told him I thought this was unfair to Bob Stevens because Stevens was out of the country at the time.
That the least they could have done was wait until the Secretary got back and until he makes the decision.
I told Mr. Adam that I had every reason to believe that he, Adam, had a hand in the hand.
And that I was going to try and find out the names of all of those for the hand in it.
And that conversation I believe, Mr. Jenkins, as well as I demand for the members of the Royalty Board, has considerable to do with the false fraudulent charges of infiled here.
Because Mr. Jenkins, let me say this in the sentence, there seemed to be no discrimination nor fear when we would pick up an individual kindness, expose him and help get rid of him.
But there seemed to be an unexplainable, an unexplainable amount of discrimination whenever we talked about getting the names of those responsible for the cobbling and the special privileges for a communist or the names of the Royalty Board, we sent communist back to the Secretariat of Alavishar.
Now, that was the term I think why we're in the hearing today.
Well, the New York Union Center was a solid book that came on back in Bruce Smith's office over the last couple of years.
That's right. This was one of the two straws, the other straws are getting the Royalty Board.
Did you ever have any contractors, Mr. Adams, or the Sik-A-H, to separate seconds?
I had a contact with Stephen on the 24th day of February.
I think that's been gone over in detail because I had to go over to get a few of characters.
That's the chicken dinner. That was the chicken dinner I guess.
I think that has been attribution to the air.
I think any other statement you know is I had a mate which you feel the committee should know about
and which we're kept light upon the issues as well in this conversation.
Mr. Duncan, there may be details for a minute, but I am sure that by the time the sun is and Mr. Welch gets through cross examining me,
there'll be nothing left out, so I will leave it up for the cross examination.
I'm sure it's been a confidential set of bides in the 10 years of the direct examination.
You have come back in the capacity of Dr. Jekyll with his cross examination after lunch, so we will be taking a two-five.
Many of you have come to order.
I'd like to start the proceeding if we could.
Chair, I'd like to begin, and there's been a custom now for some time by welcoming the guest who has come to the committee room.
We have to have you here watching one of the committees of your government in action.
As those of you who have been here before, I know we have a committee.
It's important.
Audible manifestations of the approval of just a true book at any time and any manner on behalf of the audience.
The uniformed members of the Chapter Police Force that you see before you,
and the plain sounds people scattered throughout the audience,
have received instructions from the committee to remove from the room without further orders from the chair.
Anyone who violates the terms under which you entered the room, namely to refrain from audible manifestations of the approval of the approval.
I would ask the Chapter Police and the plain closeness carry out that order.
If unhappily it becomes justice to her during the question of the proceed.
Everybody in the room is convinced the convicts would be no more provided in this committee room.
As we concluded the morning session, Council Jenkins had just finished his direct examination of the witness who was here.
The witness who was standing in the car to the accountant was about to begin his sharp examination,
buying him high to lay.
The number I was told to have lunch this noon, I think I should explain once again.
In earnest, the suggestions that he probably has the most unusual assignment ever given in the American Attorney's.
His job is twofold and he wears two hats.
One is to act as a defense attorney of the world, engaging in direct examination, helping the witnesses,
present their case in the best possible life.
Then he takes off that hat and becomes a shopping gun, something in the nature of a prosecutor in the attorney in which he does his best to demolish the case,
which he has helped to establish.
And so he switches now from the happy Appalachians of a direct examination to the harsh adjectives of a shopping champion.
The number of years ago there was a great opportunity to play non-blow away which went to the effect of absolute reason to Gallagher's positive and Mr. Schum.
I think that might have spread a little bit.
Mr. Schum again.
Mr. Schum.
I hope that five of us will try and win up our rights to the point of which we will try.
I left about the position you're in now, I would say, Chancellor Jenkins.
I would then do a movie from one cast to another and he will proceed.
He needs to hide at the exact time that he's now and he's determined to start a department in the shopping generation without Parliament.
I'll tell you the goal out in the field ten minutes of the turn.
You'll all like to meet up and talk.
Okay.
Chairman.
Chairman McCluskey, the first thing I would like to say publicly is that every citizen of this country has to be in highly respect to the great office of the United States center.
I'm sure you understand what I want to make it clear to all who care and to all who listen.
I'm sure that some of you and your fellow understand as my difficult rule as a cross-examiner of a witness.
It is not in touch in one.
It has not been in touch in fact the cross-examiner and the second day of the army are his councils.
Are your councils?
But I'm sure that it is also in you as a witness that in the discharge of my GD is offered for you to be chosen.
There's otherwise another strike.
So there are three out there that I want to discuss with you briefly.
The first was the judgment that I say.
Well, I have received a great number of letters and letters from people.
The effect of saying is Jenkins going to get rough with you.
I want to make it clear to those people that have a duty to cross-examiner as vigorously as possible.
That your cross-examination, the Bob Stevens, the Saturn, Mr. Cohn, myself, can know the express of your personal team.
And I would like to tell you that as long as I have any of your judge, the chair of a Smithies, I don't think I have ever seen any more vigorous and more intelligent cross-examiner.
And I want my friends for watching the panels that I expect you.
I expect you to cross-examiner as vigorously as you can cross-examiner anyone.
And that's the flexible feeling between Mr. Jenkins and Jim McHack.
Appreciate that some of your more sincere actions are possible.
The first thing I want to do is to finish this in the 13th.
I choose to join the charge as two of us with some of the letters which might be stronger.
One is to carry on this, and the other is to guide you over this name.
I would like to guide you to examination all morning, some of them are fuzzy.
I would keep saying the little thing is vain.
As I just called, I want you to confirm yourself in the hall.
With the leading suspect, fundamentally, a false discourage is the special thing you regard me.
And I would like to ask some of the McCarthy senior edgmer Jim, Mr. Jenkins.
On the answer that I think the Secretary of the Army is very honest and individual.
He came down here with no experience in politics.
I think he got no doubt that he was a very rough topic being played down here.
I think what he did was mention the issue for the charges was completely wrong.
I think he was caught in the position of individuals who have lost their best,
for the Shakespeare with the words in the UNICEF bloodplay.
I am in blood, stepped in so far that there was no more as the figures of the law.
I think the Mr. Jenkins got shot at with a certain extent and smelt on on red.
He found the admit choice between proceed.
I believe he did play the McCarthy with the suffocating army of the students and armies, man.
He got right.
He was...
Yes, but don't let the accused after the charges made against the car.
I think the fact was not honorable.
I think the truth is only of myself.
I think the French will be the very honest man.
The French are the unfunded people.
The honest man, essentially unfunded, living with the American,
is truthful man, who is offensively unfunded once more years.
Some of you may see...
No affordability, the security armies will soon be used now.
How many years has been severely criticized by many people,
both my crook's ammunition of him was not just the right.
And now, as the day it's twilight, with this drama, you might say,
when the curtain is lifted with falling, let's talk a little about the security of the army.
The state is the senator who was fundamentally and essentially honest
with fundamentally and essentially truthful.
There's a think out of the demonstrate of the judgment.
In the one of her clothes, which he made, one through my son and my father,
which he said, I'm going to testify and tell the truth, one through son's reporter,
and he would be the one who made to somehow find the man to him,
which he said, for really is nothing to do with it.
I think he was trying to be completely truthful.
Not only does that senator McCarthy, but fundamentally and essentially,
he would serve the security of the army as a man of integrity, wouldn't he?
When you're putting the funds for your...
In all of you direct testimony given here today,
you'll never let one time mention these things,
those thoughts made against you.
Are you stuck by the security of the army, Dickie?
And who's that of threat?
Never let one time in the media to suspect the security of the army of the state,
directly or the indecision.
The shine was a hot piece.
So, I remember the fuck I very known.
Senator McCarthy, an imbu-what we have,
said about the security of the army.
And I recall you just quoted there a package from perhaps the greatest philosopher that ever used it.
Say the one of two thousand years ago,
who's talking now about security and the value of a dismay?
In other words, is that philosopher came to my mind?
Who sees my first face?
But he'll take his mind with me and take that.
This does not in return, but makes me poor indeed.
And far we're right, as perhaps the most striking common day ever uttered on the value of a dismay that's puffed up.
About the good name and the character of this security of the army.
Well, you know, it holds a high position, a cabinet officer.
And most of it will perhaps not strictly be for just constantly the only one man between human and human rights and rights now.
I think that I'm sure he describes him as a man who has never maybe been expect against you or the members of this dark,
be the man for the son of a who's in the great security.
Then, in the state of the youth, he hated coming to you and I hate the next direction this time.
And you stated that in public utterance, and you stated now for all the years.
I am very happy to say that.
Robert Stevens makes coming to me to speak to you and I.
I think the Bob Stevens, this point, coming to us with much as the enemy and I know.
Senator McCutney, getting there to flak him, coming to us with much as any man who knows.
The media has to claim that the McCarthy Committee was leaving the English.
I mean, combining some persons in the army, became running the King's eyes.
Through the state of Montana, back to Washington, and Sturgeon, and the Indian soldiers.
Through the Spanish and the Communist cooperation in the United Kingdom.
From that time up to the day, this day's purchase, instant, got Robert Stevens out of here.
The Secretary of the Army has never felt that done one word in the case of the youth.
That he was a communist hardware.
Or that he was reluctant, his vigilance to unbornly she did that in cooperation with you.
With the army of communist, I said mercy.
Now, there's a little fight we've got to fight for a short time.
Mr. Stevens indicated, and I think honestly, sir, that he, just like Hamlet,
I think that it's true.
I feel that Bob Stevens does not realize the truth.
Remember, Peter Wolfen, Hamlet from Spurface, if he did, if he did,
he would have been willing to work without the famous and government printing off his debts
when the members of that old Truman Law report, his third communist before his,
and make them explain why they sent communist back to Fort Montana.
The British students lived in my opinion, they lived in Loyal Honest of Americans.
I could find no fault with his activities until these times,
finally succumbed to the pressure and what pressure they were I don't know.
Some of his friends and had one of his phone calls, but in the case that the political advisers,
the Democratic Party, was advising Bob Stevens,
that some person who was, we hear about a meeting over in the Justice Department,
a pen of fire number of individuals, and put some motion in the machine rate
for the completely false charges.
And I may say frauds and charges against Mr. Coleman, Mr. Carr.
I think that if Mr. Stevens were a strong remain,
if he didn't know it before Ham, when he discovered that the witness on the phone
that Mr. Carr had nothing whatsoever, so dealing with me shining honor,
I think when we spectacularly could have done himself from a few of them,
the country agreed that he came forward and said,
we were mistaken, somebody misguided me,
and we find it now that Mr. Coleman has done nothing whatsoever in proper.
I think that a man of strong characters would come forward and say that we were mistaken,
we want to drop those charges, let's get on with the investigation,
although it was destroyed in its place.
So, I may say that Mr. Stern,
while I think there is nothing,
I think we just lost.
Nothing bad about the news.
He got no facts.
Somehow, whether it's by the,
or whether it's by the,
or whether it's by the, or who,
and once we got to the end of the investigation,
I'm going forward.